Title : Untitled
Artist : Eminem
Lyrics :
[Intro]
Nah, mannot quite finished yet
Haha, woo!

[Verse 1]
Girl, I think you just might've tried
To pull a motherfuckin fast one, Im mad
You just hurt my goddamn feeling and that was the last one I had
Does this look like an arcade?
Tryna play games? See this saw blade?
See this silhouette of a stalker in your walkway?
Better cooperate or get sauteed
And rotisseried while youre hog-tied
MCs get so quiet
You can hear a motherfuckin' dog whistle when I walk by
Colt Seavers on a mule, stuntin' on that ass like the fuckin Fall Guy
I dont gas my Mercedes after midnight, I treat it like a Mogwai
'Cause it will turn into a Gremlin
And run over kids, women, and menVrinn-Vrinn!
Motor so big, you can fit a midget in his engine
Bitch, give me them digits, why you cringin?
Not by the hair on my chinny-chin-chin
Will I spend-spend even ten cents on you, since when
Do you think its gonna cost me a pretty penny?
Shit, if I think a pennys pretty
Just imagine how beautiful a quarter is to me
Eenie-meenie-miney-mo
Catch an Eskimo by his toe while hes tryin' to roll a snowball
But dont make him lose his cool
If he hollers, better let him go, yall

[Chorus: Sample + Eminem]
"You don't own me"
Now here we go, go, go

[Verse 2]
Get up, baby, get a move on like a U-Haul
You can rack your brain like pool balls
You won't ever think of this shityeah, honey, you called?
Well, here I come, Havoc on the beat, I wreak it
EvilI see, hear, and speak it
Lady, put your money on Shady, fuck that other weak shit
Put your eggs in the same basket
You can count every motherfuckin chicken 'fore it hatches
'Cause you can bet your ass that we gonna get it crackin
Like the Kraken and Titans when they're clashin'
Get your brains bashed in
So bad, you will have Kurt Cobain askin
To autograph a bloodstained napkin
Unfashionable, and 'bout as rational as a rash on a fags asshole
Now lets take that line, run it up the flagpole
With Elton, see if hes cool with it
Dont stand there and look stupid at
Me, bitch, I aint in the mood for this shit
Get my dick, Google it 'til it pops up
Yall are so motherfuckin full of shit that you're stopped up
Me, Im always shittin' diarrhea of the mouth
'Til your speakers crap out Pfft, huh, what?
Girl, you got a hot butt
Like a lit cigarette (chig-chigga-ret-ret)
But you wont get a hot fudge sundae from me
So do not strut my way, slut, because

[Chorus: Sample + Eminem]
"You don't own me"
Now here we go, go, go

[Verse 3]
And now that I got your panties in a bunch
And your bowels in an uproar
I'ma show you why I came, so you stop askin' me what the fuck for
Now look you little slut, cunt, whore, I know you want more
Bitch, its time to put the math back into Mathers
'Cause Im a fuckin problemrun, boy!
Every flow, got it mastered
So every last word that you fuckin fags heard
Comes straight from the fish's ass
Yeah, in other words, Im a bass-turd
Lookin' at me like I killed Kenny, gas in the tank, yeah, still plenty
No morals are instilled in me, so remorse, I really dont feel any
Eat your heart out, Hannibal, understandable why you're jealous
Fuck an animal, I got cannibal magnetism
Can't resist him nowcan you, ho?
Shady, I dont understand your flow
Understand my flow? Bitch, I flow like Troy Polamalus hair, boy
Dont you dare try to follow or compare, boy
Im raw, you aint even medium-rare
Stay the fuck outta my hair, boy
You can look, you can stare, and point
But you cant touch, Im too clairvoyant
I dont get it, man, is there a void?
All this weak shit, what am I, steroids?
Well, bitch, Im back with some shit for that ass
And your trunk, elephant hemorrhoids
And remember, boys

[Chorus: Sample + Eminem]
"You don't own me"
Now here we go, go, go

[Outro]
Thank you for coming out
I hope you enjoyed the show
Until next time;
Peace